surviv.io                               # surviv.io
na-nyc-p1.surviv.io                     # surviv.io
na-sfo-p1.surviv.io                     # surviv.io
na-chi-p1.surviv.io                     # surviv.io
pd.na.a.pvp.net                         # Valorant
riot-geo.vts.si.riotgames.com           # Valorant
glz-na-1.na.a.pvp.net                   # Valorant
valorant.secure.dyn.riotcdn.net         # Valorant
data.riotgames.com                      # Valorant
shared.na.a.pvp.net                     # Valorant
usw.pp.riotgames.com                    # Valorant
pdx2collector.rtp.service.riotgames.com # Valorant
na.vg.ac.pvp.net                        # Valorant
authenticate.riotgames.com              # Valorant
valorant.iesdev.com                     # Valorant
playerpreferences.riotgames.com         # Valorant
valorant.dyn.riotcdn.net                # Valorant
ekg.riotgames.com                       # Valorant
na.lers.loyalty.riotgames.com           # Valorant
clientconfig.rpg.riotgames.com          # Valorant
entitlements.auth.riotgames.com         # Valorant  
riot-geo.pas.si.riotgames.com           # Valorant 
riot-geo.vts.si.riotgames.com           # Valorant
datarouter-prod.ak.epicgames.com        # Fortnite
datarouter.ol.epicgames.com             # Fortnite
